# S37

## url
https://ifs.host.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/Books/SE9/WebChapters/PDF/Ch_29%20Interaction_design.pdf

## archive url
https://shorturl.at/bemr4

## Source type
Web page

## Author type
N/A

## Date
N/A

## Problem
1. Information presentation

## Solution 
1. Use text to present information when precise information is
required and the information changes relatively slowly. If the data changes quickly
or if the relationships between data rather than the precise data values are
significant, then you should present the information graphically. 

2. When large amounts of information have to be presented, abstract
visualisations that link related data items may be used. This can expose
relationships that are not obvious from the raw data.


## Decision Driver
- The MVC approach

## References 
- Grudin, J. (1989). 'The Case Against User Interface Consistency'. Comm. ACM, 32
(10), 1164-73.
- Hughes, J. A., O'Brien, J., Rodden, T. and Rouncefield, M. (1997). 'Designing with
Ethnography: A Presentation Framework for Design'. Proc. DIS'97, Amsterdam:
ACM Press. 147-59.
- Lamping, J., Rao, R. and Pirolli, P. (1995). 'A focus + context technique based on
hyperbolic geometry for visualising large hierarchies'. Proc. CHI'95, ACM Press.
401-8.

## Remark
- Before going on to discuss the process of interaction design, I discuss some general
design issues that have to be considered. Essentially, the designer of a user
interaction with a computer is faced with two key questions: from solution